docs(docs-infra): improve docs for @angular/localize package. (#49393)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/i18n-common-add-package.md

To add the `@angular/localize` package, use the following command to update the `package.json` and TypeScript configuration files in your project.

<code-example path="i18n/doc-files/commands.sh" region="add-localize"></code-example>

It adds `types: ["@angular/localize"]` in the TypeScript configuration files as well as the reference to the type definition of `@angular/localize` at the top of the `main.ts` file.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

For more information about `package.json` and `tsconfig.json` files, see [Workspace npm dependencies][AioGuideNpmPackages] and [TypeScript Configuraiton][AioGuideTsConfig].

</div>

If `@angular/localize` is not installed and you try to build a localized version of your project (for example, while using the `i18n` attributes in templates), the [Angular CLI][AioCliMain] will generate an error, which would contain the steps that you can take to enable i18n for your project.

## Options

| OPTION           | DESCRIPTION | VALUE TYPE | DEFAULT VALUE
|:---              |:---    |:------     |:------
| `--project`      | The name of the project. | `string` |

> | `--useAtRuntime` | If set, then `$localize` can be used at runtime. Also `@angular/localize` gets included in the `dependencies` section of `package.json`, rather than `devDependencies`, which is the default.  | `boolean` | `false`

Reviewer: CLI options are lower case.

```suggestion
| `--use-at-runtime` | If set, then `$localize` can be used at runtime. Also `@angular/localize` gets included in the `dependencies` section of `package.json`, rather than `devDependencies`, which is the default.  | `boolean` | `false`
```

Author: @alan-agius4 Thanks! Will take into account down the road! Fixed it and can be re-reviewed.

To take advantage of the localization features of Angular, use the [Angular CLI][AioCliMain] to add the `@angular/localize` package to your project.

To add the `@angular/localize` package, use the following command to update the `package.json` and TypeScript configuration files in your project.

<code-example path="i18n/doc-files/commands.sh" region="add-localize"></code-example>

It adds `types: ["@angular/localize"]` in the TypeScript configuration files as well as the reference to the type definition of `@angular/localize` at the top of the `main.ts` file.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

For more information about `package.json` and `tsconfig.json` files, see [Workspace npm dependencies][AioGuideNpmPackages] and [TypeScript Configuraiton][AioGuideTsConfig].

</div>

> If `@angular/localize` is not installed and you try to build a localized version of your project (while using `i18n` directive, for instance), the [Angular CLI][AioCliMain] will generate the error like the one below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `@angular/localize` is not installed and you try to build a localized version of your project (for example, while using the `i18n` attributes in templates), the [Angular CLI][AioCliMain] will generate an error, which would contain the steps that you can take to enable i18n for your project.
```

Author: @AndrewKushnir Thanks for your review! I've polished the docs and commit message as you had requested! Let me know if there's anything else. Thanks!

> <div class="alert is-critical">

Reviewer 2: I think we can drop an example of the error message: it'd be hard to keep it up-to-date and it doesn't add a lot of value.

Author: @AndrewKushnir Probably makes sense. Initially I didn't want to include it either. However I noticed the TODO left by someone in the docs saying this:

<img width="292" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9191544/224509262-06d82c4a-03f3-411f-98cc-bfa4fe80bee5.png">

And it forced me to reproduce the issue in the sandbox and replicate the error message example down here 🙂
